# US 5100
=======================================

# 1. Requisitos

**User Story:** As Project Manager, I want that the team to develop and integrate the others components/parts of the AGV digital twin (e.g.: movement, obstacle sensors, control unit).

# 2. Análise

##Acceptance Criteria


* In conformity with SCOMP guidelines.

The AGV Digital Twin will have the following functionalities:


* **Communications:** responsible for receiving/sending information from/to other external
  components such as the “AGV Manager” (cf. Figure 2). For instance, it can receive the warehouse
  plant, the location of the other AGVs as well as the command to pick-up some product(s). On other
  hand, it can send information about its current location, status and so on.


* **Control Unit:** responsible for processing/executing the received commands, keeping the AGV
  internal information (e.g.: its position, detected obstacles, battery status) updated and inform
  (through the communications module) the “AGV Manager” about its global status.


* **Simulation Engine:** responsible for knowing the warehouse plant and the current location of all
  AGVs and based on that, transmit information to the AGV sensors at, for instance, every 100 ms.


* **Sensor:** receives information from the “Simulation Engine” and emits obstacles alerts to the other
  modules. For instance, emits “1” if an obstacle is detected at one square distance and, therefore,
  indicates that AGV should stop; emits “2” if an obstacle is detected at two squares distance and,
  therefore, indicates the AGV should reduce its speed; and emits “0” for obstacles detected at
  three or more squares distance and, therefore, indicates the AGV can keep going. Typically, an
  AGV has, at least, 8 sensors (visualizing an AVG as a rectangle, it has two sensors at each corner).
  Each sensors emits signals considering its position on the AGV.


* **Positioning:** responsible for calculating the new AGV position in the warehouse based on the AGV
  (i) speed, (ii) direction, (iii) last position and (iv) current route. Reads/updates information from/on
  the “Control Unit” module. Speed might be expressed in squares per second.


* **Route Planner:** responsible for (re)computing routes based on a source and target location on the
  warehouse considering the warehouse plant only. It is worth noticing that AGV can only move
  horizontally or vertically.


* **Battery Management:** responsible for monitoring the battery status and simulating battery
  consumption and recharge according to the AGV status. For instance, when the AGV is moving
  battery consumption might be computed based on the travelled distance, but when the AGV is
  waiting/stopped on its dock battery consumption might be computed based on time.

##Client Answers
**Question 1:** If two AGVs are 1 square close to each other, they must stop, but what needs to be done next? Create a new route to take the assigned task? And if an AGV passes one block away from another and never collides, should we ignore the "AGV must stop" sentence, or should he stop the AGV and move the AGV again?

**Answer 1:**
The overall idea is to avoid collision between AGVs.

As so, the "must stop" aims to avoid an imminent collision. In such case, new routes should be computed in order to complete the task that in  each AGV has in hands. The strategy for that it is up to each team to decide.


**Question 2:** the statement says that an AGV has a total of 8 sensors, 2 in each corner of the AGV. Therefore, some doubts have arisen, such as:

What is the difference between having one or two sensors, in each corner? How do we differentiate between them? Are they in the same position?

**Answer 2:** Each sensor is a source of information to signal (or not) the presence of an obstacle (e.g.: another AGV, an aisle, etc.).

In each corner there is a sensor to evaluate obstacles in the front and another sensor  to evaluate obstacles on the side.

**Question 3:** Would all these AGV Digital Twin instances share information about the different modules, to be aware of the presence of other moving agvs?

**Answer 3:** It is NOT foreseen that AGVs communicate between them. However, each AGV can by its own initiative communicate with the AGV Manager. Notice that in your picture this possibility is not depicted. However, this possibility is depicted on Figure 2 of the specifications' document.

**Question 4:**  At the level of representing the movement of agvs on the dashboard, developed in Sprint 3, how would the information about the movement of an agv be sent to the dashboard, for the dashboard to be able to demonstrate?

**Answer 4:** Your question is related to data/information flow. Such flow must be in accordance with Figure 2 of the specifications' document. Notice that, the dashboard shows the current position of each AGV. If the AGVs position is changing then by refreshing the dashboard is enough to show AGV movement.

**Question 5:** Could you specify how the speed of an AGV is determined, seeing that we do not know the maximum speed of the AGV?

**Answer 5:** If you need such information, you should collect such information previously (e.g.: US 2002).

**Question 6:** At what charge do you suppose the AGV should move to the AGV docker to charge?

**Answer 6:**   Again, such value might be configurable by AGV (model).

**Question 7:** How should we measure the charging of an AGV should it have a certain percentage per minute or per hour?

**Answer 7:**  You should adopt "seconds" as time unit.

**Question 8:** Could you specify at what percentage the discharging of the AGV happens and if it is affected by other factors other than being turned on?

**Answer 8:** As stated on the specifications' document: "when the AGV is moving battery consumption might be computed based on the travelled distance, but when the AGV is waiting/stopped on its dock battery consumption might be computed based on time.". Other factors might be considered, but at this stage, I recommend you to not apply a complex algorithm.

**Question 9:** It is mentioned that when the AGV detects an obstacle 2 squares away it should reduce its velocity, could you please quantify the reduction.

**Answer 9:**  It is up to you decide that. However, notice that the idea is to avoid collision.

**Question 10:** Referring to the documentation, it is mentioned that the Route Planner module of the AGV Digital twin is responsible for "... (re)computing routes based on a source and target location on thewarehouse considering the warehouse plant only. It is worth notifying that AGV can only movehorizontally or vertically".

What do you mean by source and target location of agv ? We can set agvdock as a starting point but what would be the end point?

**Answer 10:** So, the source location (starting point) is the position where the AGV is at that moment (as you said, it might be the AGV dock)

The target location (end point) might be the location of a product.

However,  there are other possibilities.

For instance, consider the scenario where the AGV has to collect 2 products (say A and B).

At least three routes have to be computed:

1. From AGV Dock location to the location of product A.

2. From location of product A to the location of product B.

3. From location of product B to the AGV dock location.

# 3. Planning

After discussing many ideas betwen the team members and the teacher, the team decided that it would be better if we programmed the AGV Digital Twin using the C language, which would communicate with the server AGV Manager which was programmed using the Java language. It was in fact, the first time that our team would make a C client and a Java server communication however, this idea would remove an issue out of our team's way which is the Shared Memory, C programs can easily access others Shared Memories data, while in Java it's way harder and it would probably give us more issues than using a C client.
To conclude, for the Communication, we are using a C client and a Java server communication.

**All the AGV Digital Twin Status** will be saved and updated on the Shared Memory which all the Twin components are able to access and write on it whenever they need to update something.

**Our Control Unit**, is responsible to send the AGV digital Twin Status to the AGV manager, since the Virtual Machine communication is not always accuarate and it may send misinformation, we decided to send the status information one by one so it can sucessfully process all the information and send it to the AGV Manager.

**The Simulation Engine**, is responsible to know the warehouse plant and to start the AGV simulation which will prepare the AGV Twins for the simulation, which it will be given to each one a starting position. After having the plant by communicating with the AGV Manager, it will save the plant on the Shared Memory.

**The Sensors** dont always need to communicate with the Simulation Engine in C, since the plant will be saved on the Shared Memory which any component of the Digital Twin is able to access, the Sensors decide wether or not there's an obstacle, and it will send signals to the AGV Twin.

**Route Planner**, will calculate an AGV Digital Twin route based on the target location, in C since it can always access the plant by the Shared Memory
After discussing many ideas betwen the team members and the teacher, the team decided that it would be better if we programmed the AGV Digital Twin using the C language, which would communicate with the server AGV Manager which was programmed using the Java language. It was in fact, the first time that our team would make a C client and a Java server communication however, this idea would remove an issue out of our team's way which is the Shared Memory, C programs can easily access others Shared Memories data, while in Java it's way harder and it would probably give us more issues than using a C client.
To conclude, for the Communication, we are using a C client and a Java server communication.

## Design




## 3.4. Tests

# 4. Implementation

# 5. Integração/Demonstração


# 6. Observações



