docs/SprintC/1200920/US4001/US4001.md, before:

US 3000
=======================================

# 1. Requisitos

## **Demo:**

As Project Manager, I want that the "AGVManager" component supports properly, at request, the needs of the "
BackOfficeApp" application as well as the needs the AGV digital twin.
<br>
<br>

### **AC:**

* 1: It must be used the provided application protocol (SPOMS2022).
* 2: It is suggested the adoptiong of concurrent mechanisms (e.g. threads) and state sharing between these mechanisms.

### **Respostas no Forum:**

*Ainda nenhuma resposta*

# 2. Análise

* In this US the AGVManager acts as the server and the BackOfficeApp acts as client
* BackOfficeApp should comunicate with AVGManager with REQUESTS_API
* AGV digital twin should comunicate with AVGManager with STATUS_API

![Components](C:\Users\eduar\Desktop\ProjetoIntegrador\lei21_22_s4_2dj_1\Docs\SprintC\1200920\US4001\Components_Manager.svg)

In this diagram we can see how the stated components should talk to each other, in special how should the client
components send requsts to the server component.

| Server DNS | Port |
|------------|------|
| 0.0.0.0    | 69   |

# 3. Design

[GramarDraft](GramarDraft.txt)

* Each Question/Section/Questionary component will be distrubuted in a separated line. Our team thought that it would be
  more organized if each topic could have its own line.
* In our grammar there are component that are mandatory or optional, so we decided that the optional ones can either
  have content or not. Since each component has its own line, it wouldn't make sense to have two line breaks if the user
  didn't want to write an option component.
* In our grammar, we have a non-terminal symbol that associates the pontuation, however the comma(,) is not included,
  since this symbol is used betweent two words it has a different behaviour compared to ther others symbols.

## 3.4. Testes

### Basic Questionary that needs to be checked

[Exemple1](QuestionnaireExample.txt)

# 4. Implementação

Since one of the requirements was to be able to read the information from a file on the start of the application, we
opted for keeping the path to the file in the application properties. This way, we can change the path to the file. We
use the class ApplicationSettings to read the path from the properties file.

# 5. Integração/Demonstração

It was added a new UI to the application, also we added a new menu deddicated for the warehouse management. For now, the
only has the option to import a warehouse plant, but it will be extended in the future.

When creating a new product, it is necessary to add his location in the warehouse. To do this, it will be necessary to
devleop a new functionality that will choose one of the available locations for the product. This functionality will be
implemented in the scope of US1001.

When configuring an AGV, it is necessary to add the location of the dock. So, here we have a point of connection
between the two parts of the application.

Commit message:

LAPR4-124 #comment Comunication between the components documented

docs/SprintC/1200920/US4001/US4001.md, after:

US 3000
=======================================

# 1. Requisitos

## **Demo:**

As Project Manager, I want that the "AGVManager" component supports properly, at request, the needs of the "
BackOfficeApp" application as well as the needs the AGV digital twin.
<br>
<br>

### **AC:**

* 1: It must be used the provided application protocol (SPOMS2022).
* 2: It is suggested the adoptiong of concurrent mechanisms (e.g. threads) and state sharing between these mechanisms.

### **Respostas no Forum:**

*Ainda nenhuma resposta*

# 2. Análise

* In this US the AGVManager acts as the server and the BackOfficeApp acts as client
* BackOfficeApp should comunicate with AVGManager with REQUESTS_API
* AGV digital twin should comunicate with AVGManager with STATUS_API

![Components](C:\Users\eduar\Desktop\ProjetoIntegrador\lei21_22_s4_2dj_1\Docs\SprintC\1200920\US4001\Components_Manager.svg)

In this diagram we can see how the stated components should talk to each other, in special how should the client
components send requsts to the server component.

It is worty to notice that the comunication with the Digital Twin works in the two ways:

![Manager/Twin](C:\Users\eduar\Desktop\ProjetoIntegrador\lei21_22_s4_2dj_1\Docs\SprintC\1200920\US4001\Manager_twin_Component.svg)

## Required needs

Right now the backoffice component can request the following functionalities to the AGVManager:

* Access the list of orders that need to be prepared by an AGV and be able to ask/force any of those orders to be
  immediately prepared by an AGV available.
  <br>
  <br>

Right now the AGVTwin component can request the following functionalities to the AGVManager:

* Request a task to be done by the AGV

Right now the AGVManager component can request the following functionalities to the AGVTwin:

* Request the status of an AGV
* Assign an task to an AGV

| Server DNS | Port |
|------------|------|
| 0.0.0.0    | 69   |

# 3. Design

## Testes

# 4. Implementação

# 5. Integração/Demonstração
