US 3000
=======================================

# 1. Requisitos

## **Demo:**

As Project Manager, I want the team to specify a grammar allowing to express several kinds of questionnaires.
<br>
<br>

### **AC:**

* 1: The grammar should be conceived having in mind its reusability/applicability on other application domains than the
  one of this project (e.g., pedagogical questionnaires).

### **Respostas no Forum:**

*Ainda nenhuma resposta*

# 2. Análise

The questionnaire must be divided into several parts as stated on the requirements document.

### Questionnaire

| **Field**            | **Description**                                                                       |
|----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **ID**               | Mandatory alphanumeric value to univocally identify a questionnaire.                  |
| **Title**            | The title of the questionnaire. It is a mandatory short sentence                      |
| **Welcome Message**  | An optional message to be presented before any section/question.(accepts line breaks) |
| **List of Sections** | A list of sections that compose the questionnaire.                                    |
| **Final Message**    | An optional message to be presented after all sections/questions.                     |

### Section

| **Field**               | **
Description**
|
|-------------------------|:
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Section
ID**          | Mandatory alphanumeric value to univocally identify a section. |
| **Section
Title**       | The title of the section. It is a mandatory short sentence |
| **Section
Description** | An optional message to be presented before any question.(accepts line breaks)
|
| **
Obligatoriness**      | It might be one of “mandatory”, “optional” or “condition dependent” |
| **
Repeatability**       | Optional condition stating if the questions of this section are to be answered more than once.
At least two kinds of conditions need to be supported: (i) based on numeric answers or (ii) on a set of selected values.
|
| **
Content**             | Set of questions |

### Question

| **Field**          | **Description**                                                     |
|--------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Question ID**    | Mandatory alphanumeric value to univocally identify a question.     |
| **Question**       | The question itself. (Free text, no line breaks)                    |
| **Instruction**    | An optional message to be presented before the question.            |
| **Type**           | Defines the kind of answer over the possible types (defined below)  |
| **Obligatoriness** | It might be one of “mandatory”, “optional” or “condition dependent” |
| **Extra Info**     | Optional information to be presented after the question.            |

- Questionary ID, Section ID, Question ID requirements are the same;
- Questionary Title, Section Title requirements are the same;
- Welcoming message, Section Description requirements are the same;
- Both Obligatoriness (Question and Section) requirements are the same;

**We need to take these similarities into account when creating the grammar and try to reuse the same rules.**

### Possible Types

• Free-Text: A free text field that accepts any text.
• Numeric: A numeric field that accepts any number.
• Single-Choice: A single choice field that accepts only one answer.
• Single-Choice with input value: A single choice field that accepts only one answer but the last option is a text field
that accepts any text.
• Multiple-Choice: A multiple choice field that accepts multiple answers.
• Multiple-Choice with input value: A multiple choice field that accepts multiple answers but the last option is a text
field that accepts any text.
• Sorting Options: given some options, the user must sort them in the desired order.
• Scaling Options: given some options, the user must select a value on a scale.

## Domain Model

# 3. Design

[GramarDraft](GramarDraft.txt)

* Each Question/Section/Questionary component will be distrubuted in a separated line. Our team thought that it would be
  more organized if each topic could have its own line.
* In our grammar there are component that are mandatory or optional, so we decided that the optional ones can either
  have content or not. Since each component has its own line, it wouldn't make sense to have two line breaks if the user
  didn't want to write an option component.
* In our grammar, we have a non-terminal symbol that associates the pontuation, however the comma(,) is not included,
  since this symbol is used betweent two words it has a different behaviour compared to ther others symbols.

## 3.4. Testes

### Basic Questionary that needs to be checked

[Exemple1](QuestionnaireExample.txt)

# 4. Implementação

Since one of the requirements was to be able to read the information from a file on the start of the application, we
opted for keeping the path to the file in the application properties. This way, we can change the path to the file. We
use the class ApplicationSettings to read the path from the properties file.

# 5. Integração/Demonstração

It was added a new UI to the application, also we added a new menu deddicated for the warehouse management. For now, the
only has the option to import a warehouse plant, but it will be extended in the future.

When creating a new product, it is necessary to add his location in the warehouse. To do this, it will be necessary to
devleop a new functionality that will choose one of the available locations for the product. This functionality will be
implemented in the scope of US1001.

When configuring an AGV, it is necessary to add the location of the dock. So, here we have a point of connection
between the two parts of the application.
